today we're taking a look at the
chocolate coin by sands mines magic and
this routine you borrow a quarter from a
spectator and then you proceed to unwrap
the quarter like it's covered in foil
and exposed the inside which is made of
chocolate then you take a bite of the
chocolate decide you don't like it spit
it back out it heals itself then you
roll the foil back over the quarter and
hand it back out for examination magic
and Reno does the chocolate coin where
out easily smiley face thanks big smiley
face the chocolate coin itself is made
of very strong material it's not going
to wear out the there are elements of it
that get replaced though so like that
foil that you you peel off will need to
get replaced over time and there's
another element that needs to be
replaced I can't explain what that is
but I can't say that it's a common magic
prop and it's inexpensive
Adam Grange the illusionist hi Chris I
have the chocolate coin can you think of
a better switch any standard coin switch
will work with a chocolate coin however
I really like the one that they came up
with because all the moves are really
justified within the actions of the
routine funky magic in the chocolate
coin is it hard to do all the elements
of the chocolate coin are very simple
and fairly easy to do it's all very
basic stuff tragic magic in chocolate
coin do you have to replace the foil
often bTW I love the shark it's one of
my favourite Street magic effects big
smiley face you will have to
occasionally replace the foil the foil
will last you quite a few performances
before you have to replace it and it
comes with a healthy amount of them in
the DVD and it's just regular foil so I
mean you can replace it with your own
foil whenever it's pretty easy to come
by the blue flamingo in chocolate coin
is the gimmick reusable and reusable
like the normal bite out coin or does
the gimmick run out like is it one coin
gimmick or multiple coin gimmicks that
you can only replace once thanks smiley
face you can use the chocolate coin over
and over and over again it's very
similar to the bite out quarter in that
regard you will be replacing some
elements similar to the bite out quarter
and
and the foil Syed will chocolate coin
work with Canadian coin very good
question it is made to look like an
American quarter however if in your
country you have a similar coin with a
similar shape and similar color so the
silver color of a quarter it will work
in fact the sands mine crew shot their
whole DVD in Canada and used an American
gimmick and nobody saw it nobody cared
it looked just fine to everybody so it
will work with other currencies as long
as you have a coin that looks like a
quarter in your country first-class
magic hey Chris in chocolate coin how
are the angles the angles are good I
wouldn't recommend having someone
directly like next to you or right over
your shoulder but in front of you is
gonna be fine you're gonna get a whole
180 maybe even a little more than that
angle proof performance space Dan pain
question about the chocolate coin does
it actually add enough to an ordinary
bitten coin trick to consider spending
the extra because it seems to me that a
regular bitten coin trick is just as
strong if not stronger that's a very
good question and one I have been
pondering myself is it's stronger
because the original coin bite is a very
strong a bet what I think this does is
it ships the magic away from being able
to bite into something impossible and
then restore it into changing a borrowed
object into something entirely different
and then doing something magical with it
I think that both have their merit I
think that the coin bite is a strong
visual quick piece of magic I think that
the chocolate coin adds another element
to it and it along gates the magic
experience so it's it's a give-and-take
it's it's up to you if you want to make
it look like you have superhuman
strength and can bite through a coin
coin by it's going to be where it's at
but if you want to make it seem like the
coin actually changes into something
completely different then the chocolate
coin is going to be good for you another
thing I will say about the chocolate
coin versus the coin bite is that the
chocolate coin I feel brings up more
memories and emotion than this standard
coin bite so when you peel that back and
show that it's a chocolate coin people
remember when they were kid and a
chocolate coin so there's an added
element there in addition to that when
you bite into it people have memories of
what chocolate tastes like and and that
brings up a whole different chemical
reaction and so you've got these other
elements to it that are more than just
hey this is magic in your face I'm done
it's this is magic you can see the magic
happening and you can feel the magic
happening and then handing everything
back at the end overall I really like
this effect I think that it's very
strong it's a visual it evokes emotion
from your spectators all of that's
really important when you're choosing a
close-up effect and it's very organic
you borrow an object you do something
visually magical with it and totally
impossible and then you hand it back to
them I think this is really strong and
definitely worth looking into and you
can find it at magic geek.com to check
out the video demo we did for this trick
click the video that's playing above my
head also coming up we're going to be
doing reviews on the simplex Maji and
the ultimate self working card tricks
vol 3 so please put your questions for
both of those items in the comment
section down below and I might answer
them in the next review show